README.md, before:

# MedConecta - Telemedicine Platform

A hybrid mobile application designed to bridge the gap between patients and healthcare providers through real-time scheduling and secure data management.

## 🚀 Project Overview
This project was developed as a collaborative effort to solve scheduling challenges in healthcare. It features a mobile-first design, secure authentication, and real-time database synchronization.

## 🛠 Tech Stack
- **Frontend:** Angular & Ionic 7
- **Language:** TypeScript
- **Backend/Database:** Google Firebase & Cloud Firestore
- **Styling:** SCSS & Bootstrap
- **Tools:** Git/GitHub

## 👨‍💻 My Technical Contributions
As a **Core Developer** in this project, I was responsible for:
- **Architecture:** Building the frontend structure using **Angular** and **Ionic 7**.
- **Real-time Logic:** Implementing the medical appointment scheduling system with **Firebase Firestore**.
- **State & Data:** Managing asynchronous data flows and reactive programming with **RxJS**.
- **UI/UX:** Developing responsive components and ensuring a seamless mobile experience.
- **Code Quality:** Maintaining clean, documented, and reusable **TypeScript** code.

## 📱 Mobile-First Experience
This application is optimized for mobile devices. 
**To view the live demo on a desktop browser:**
1. Open the [Live Link]([SEU_LINK_AQUI](https://medconecta-app.web.app/)
2. Right-click anywhere and select **Inspect**.
3. Click the **Device Toolbar icon** (mobile/tablet icon) to enable Mobile View.

## 🏁 Getting Started
1. Clone the repository: `git clone [URL_DO_REPO]`
2. Install dependencies: `npm install`
3. Run the app: `ionic serve`

Commit message:

Enhance README with live demo and project details
Updated README to include live demo link and improved clarity.

README.md, after:

# MedConecta - Telemedicine Platform

A hybrid mobile application designed to bridge the gap between patients and healthcare providers through real-time scheduling and secure data management.

## 📱 Live Demo
You can access the application here: [https://medconecta-app.web.app/](https://medconecta-app.web.app/)

> **Note:** This application was developed with a **Mobile-First** approach using Ionic. For the best experience on a desktop browser, please enable **Device Mode** (Right-click > Inspect > Toggle Device Toolbar 📱).

## 🚀 Project Overview
This project was developed as a collaborative effort to solve scheduling challenges in healthcare. It features a seamless mobile interface, secure authentication, and real-time database synchronization.

## 🛠 Tech Stack
- **Frontend:** Angular & Ionic 7
- **Language:** TypeScript
- **Backend/Database:** Google Firebase & Cloud Firestore
- **State Management:** RxJS
- **Styling:** SCSS & Bootstrap

## 👨‍💻 My Technical Contributions
As a **Core Developer** in this collaborative project, I was responsible for:
- **Architecture:** Building the frontend structure using **Angular** and **Ionic 7**.
- **Real-time Logic:** Implementing the medical appointment scheduling system with **Firebase Firestore**.
- **State & Data:** Managing asynchronous data flows and reactive programming with **RxJS**.
- **UI/UX:** Developing responsive components and ensuring a high-quality mobile experience.
- **Code Quality:** Maintaining clean, documented, and reusable **TypeScript** code.

## 🏁 Getting Started
To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. **Clone the repository:**
   `git clone https://github.com/Lucascla18/MedConecta.git`
2. **Navigate to the project folder:**
   `cd MedConecta`
3. **Install dependencies:**
   `npm install`
4. **Run the app locally:**
   `ionic serve`
